counsellor_turn_1: Hi, Ashley. How you doing today?
counsellor_turn_2: How you been feeling over the last few days?
counsellor_turn_3: So you have a few things going on, but overall, you're feeling okay.
counsellor_turn_4: Yeah. I remember during the last session you had some difficulties at work.
counsellor_turn_5: Good.
counsellor_turn_6: So identifying the automatic thoughts has helped you kind of negotiate that relationship more productively?
counsellor_turn_7: So you're able to complete the thought, record the homework?
counsellor_turn_8: Good, good. So that's a positive result. So I want to kind of set our structure for today, like, what we'll be talking about today during this session. And I was wondering if there's a few things kind of on your mind, like what you wanted to discuss today.
counsellor_turn_9: So you're being pulled in a few directions here. And all of these things are important to you. Like, all these things are bothering you, the schoolwork lateness, the relationship at work. Like, you're doing better with that, but you still want some improvement there and then some relational challenges with your boyfriend. So I know it's difficult to prioritize concerns when they're all important to you. Right. But if you really only had, say, one thing to choose for today's session that you really wanted to work on as a priority, what would you choose?
counsellor_turn_10: Well, tell me about your thought processes as you answer that question. As you think about that question.
counsellor_turn_11: So again, it comes down to all three goals, really are, they really are important to you. All three matter to you and you want to work on them. So I'm wondering, as we think about trying to rank them, which is what we're really doing. Right. Trying to pick one is the most important, which area you think is interfering with your functioning the most, like what's getting in the way of your mood, being good? Or are you accomplishing goals you need to accomplish to survive?
counsellor_turn_12: How does school work? Yes, tell me about that.
counsellor_turn_13: So that's the priority. So we'll look at that problem, the schoolwork issue. We'll make that the number one priority for today. And if we get through that and we have time, we can look at one of the other things that's going on. I want to make sure. We kind of set a structure so we know what we'll be talking about and what we want to accomplish. So what we'll do is, I'll have you tell me a little bit more about that and kind of your thoughts and feelings and behaviors surrounding that schoolwork issue. And we'll go through some techniques, and I'll assign some homework related to that, more or less like I did last time when it was the workplace challenge. The workplace relationship. That was the challenge. Does that kind of make sense?
counsellor_turn_14: Does that sound like an agenda that you comfortable with for the session?
counsellor_turn_15: So you can see it really helping you out. Great. Well, give me just a minute to go grab some of the homework that I'm thinking of for today's session. I'll be right back. And then we'll continue. We'll continue on. Okay, thanks.
