client_turn_1: And just being really nervous when I meet them because it's like, what they'll think of me.
client_turn_2: Yeah, just because I've always known what it feels like to be cool and to have friends and to not be in a position where I'm all alone. So I think just the thought of this being a reality, which it is, is just really scary. And I think the worst of it and.
client_turn_3: Yeah. How do you.
client_turn_4: Well, just kind of. Helpless and hopeless, really. Like I said, just finding a job. I really don't know what I want to do anymore. After I graduated, I thought I was gonna get into business, but I just really don't know if that's for me. My parents always kind of gave me everything too. So the reason why I have my own apartment is because they bought it for me. But it was under the conditions of having to be in the same town as them. And so it's like I'm at a loss and I could continue just loving off my parents money, but then that kind of feels. I feel like I don't have a purpose. Like my purpose really just going to be to live off my parents money and kind of do whatever they want me to do and just to keep their money and their resources. So I'm just kind of at a loss right now in my life.
client_turn_5: No. I was having time in my life. It was. I wasn't even thinking about anything like this or the next step or what's gonna happen after I graduate. And I thought I would, you know, get a really cool internship through some business company. But at the time I didn't really. I wasn't really seeking it out because I was just having fun.
client_turn_6: Yeah.
client_turn_7: I feel like I'm trying. It's just. I don't know what to do about it, though. Like, I. There's only so much you can do when you don't know what the next step is for you or what you're passionate about or. So it's hard to go in any direction when.
client_turn_8: Well, I wish, like, partying was a job, but it's not. I mean, I love to have fun. And. I don't really have. I don't know.
client_turn_9: So.
client_turn_10: I think after graduating, though, it almost became exhausting. So I think you're right. That used to be who I am, and I. That's all I've been passionate about. But when I listen to people talk now, it almost sounds like. Like we're older. Like we can't possibly do this, continue to do this, like, on an ongoing basis. So maybe I'm tired of it, but then I can't think of anything that's made me happy. Or maybe I just kind of resent them because they're still living something that I know I shouldn't be doing anymore. I don't know.
client_turn_11: Yeah. Yeah.
client_turn_12: I'm definitely cutting out the.
