client_turn_1: Good, and you?
client_turn_2: Yeah, last week I was on my way to class and my girlfriend actually called me up saying that I forgot to take out the trash. And I kind of started thinking, wow, like, I forgot to take out the trash. Something so simple, a simple chore. All I had to do was take out the trash today and I forgot to do it. And then I started to think, well, I can't do something as simple as that. Why is she still with me? Or, and why, why can't I do that? Why can't I do a simple task? Am I good enough for anyone? Am I good enough for her? Kind of starting to feel a little fearful that she would just up and leave me.
client_turn_3: I don't know. I kind of don't know why. I just didn't like the way that she was talking to me and got so upset about it. And then I figured that, you know, I can't remember to do something so simple. Why is she still with me? I'm not good enough. I don't know.Just got scared
client_turn_4: Yeah. So I told you last week that my mother passed, left me. And I don't know, I kind of feel like she could do the same thing or my girlfriend's going to do the same thing. I've had other girlfriends before, but I guess since I'm older now and relationships are more serious, I kind of see her as someone I want to spend my life with. And my mother didn't do that. She left me when I was ten and I kind of felt abandoned. And I feel like, you know, if I had a serious girlfriend, as I do now, I feel like that could be a possibility of her leaving me and me being able to try to figure my way out in life again and starting all over, and I don't want to go back to that dark place again.
client_turn_5: I don't know. I guess I was getting that unconditional love before with my mother, before she left me. And I kind of feel like my girlfriend has given me that love and kind of fearful of losing that love that someone cares and loves for me, for who I am. But I guess when I'm doing something so simple or forgetting to do something simple, or I. I have these moments where I feel like I'm not good enough and she's gonna leave me, too.
client_turn_6: Yeah, I do. I'm fearful of losing my girlfriend, as I once did with my mother, because I felt like, you know, I did something wrong.
client_turn_7: I don't know. Do you think speaking to my girlfriend about it or when I'm feeling these fearful acts or thoughts?
client_turn_8: I think that's a good homework assignment. Hopefully, I can get it done and help me out in the long run.
client_turn_9: Awesome.
