client_turn_1: Well, I think it was a little helpful. I did try the breathing exercises, but sometimes I don't think to do them right away. But I did try it a little bit and it did help. Good.
client_turn_2: Yes, that's what.
client_turn_3: Well, I just get very anxious. I don't want to leave him in the room without me. I want to be right there. I'm not used to leaving him alone with other people at all. And I know I get very anxious in the waiting area, and I pace and back and forth and wonder what's going on in the room and listening for anything that might be going on. So, yeah, I just have a lot of anxiety about being separated from him, even for that short time.
client_turn_4: Well, I did have a child of my own that passed away, and I think that it probably has affected me with my other children and especially now with, you know, me being older and adopting this little boy. And I'm just scared, always scared that something's going to happen to him.
client_turn_5: Well, I worry about, you know, if he's going to fall, if they're working with him on a table, if he'll fall off the table and get hurt. I don't know all the people that are in and out of the therapy bill or the building here. I have some anxiety about someone snatching him if nobody's watching him closely, which I'm sure they are, but I still have that fear that something's going to happen to him, and I'm not right there.
client_turn_6: No, not really. Most of the time he's with me or I have a couple of people I trust to watch him. But other than that, he's usually with me, doctors appointments, anything like that? Of course I'm there.
client_turn_7: Well, it seems like an awfully nice guy, but I don't know him really well, and I'm hopeful that once I get to know him more, I'll be more trustful, but I still just have a lot of anxiety about him.
client_turn_8: Yes.
client_turn_9: Yes, I'm sure. Well, I know that would be good for him. At some point, he's. I know I'm gonna have to address these issues and work through these issues. It's just very difficult.
client_turn_10: Just with the youngest. The other children are older and they're able to verbalize and tell me if anything's going on or. But this little boy, you know, like I said, I adopted him and he has some special needs and I just worry about him, I think, more, but it sounds like.
client_turn_11: Yes, it is. And I don't think it's good for him. I know I need to work on this because I don't think it's good for Jack to be in this situation with all. With my anxiety. It's not good for him.
client_turn_12: My biggest fear is that he's going to get hurt, that he's going to fall off the table or he's going to. They're going to have him doing activities that he could get hurt. That's probably my biggest fear. The second one would be that somebody would not be watching him for a moment and that someone would, you know, just take off with him.
client_turn_13: Well, there's a lot of different people in the building to strangers or other families, and that could possibly lead to him.
client_turn_14: Okay.
client_turn_15: Well, you know, he's here for occupational therapy, and he's got some motor skill issues, and I'm afraid, depending on what they have him do, that he could be hurt, that he could hurt, get hurt or fall because he's not always real steady on his feet at times.
client_turn_16: Not really.
client_turn_17: Well, evidence against would be, obviously, the therapist, as a trained professional who knows, you know, what they're doing, and obviously, I'm sure safety is number one concern. So that would be something, you know, against. And I am pretty sure he would never be left alone at three years old, you know, where someone would be able to take him.
client_turn_18: So in my mind, I know that, but I just can't get past that and feeling anxious about these things that might happen. Right.
client_turn_19: I've never heard of anyone, but every day you see stuff on the news and about children in a lot of daycare centers and that kind of thing being hurt, abused, or, you know, abducted.
client_turn_20: No. Right. Like I say, in my mind, I understand that it's probably not very likely at all that that would happen.
client_turn_21: Well, I have been in, sat in with a few sessions with him, but he actually does much better if I'm not there, he participates more, and if I'm in there, he wants me to hold him, he wants to cling to me, and he doesn't seem to want to participate with the therapy, and I really want him to get the benefit out of the therapy. So, you know, that's why they suggested that I stay out in the lobby during the session. Right.
client_turn_22: Right.
client_turn_23: Yeah, because I think he picks up on it also.
client_turn_24: I do have anxiety when I leave him with a sitter, even though they are, you know, like I said, a couple of different people that I do trust, but I still have anxiety that something could happen while I was gone away from him. As long as he's with me, I don't really have anxiety at the grocery store or anything like that. Mostly it's just if I have to leave him for any length of time in a situation where even though I trust people, I still have the anxiety that something's going to happen.
client_turn_25: Well, I think people notice in the waiting area that I pace and just appear anxious. I'm sure I appear anxious, and I know it's best for him, you know, if I stay out there, because I want him to get the most benefit out of the therapy. Yeah.
client_turn_26: Yes.
client_turn_27: Yeah, I do have family support, and I also, you know, have a strong faith, and I try to think through things that some of my anxiety, I feel like I just can't help but feel anxious. But at the same time, there's a lot of times I talk to myself about how really unrealistic some of my thoughts are, so I try to work on that part of it.
client_turn_28: Yes. I do that a lot of times. Yes. Yes. If he has a little bit of a cough or fever and I get anxious that it's more than a cold or, you know, maybe a little infection and I'm just so afraid of losing him, I think.
client_turn_29: I think he probably does. And I think he gets anxious. I think he senses when I'm anxious and he tends to get a little bit upset, clingy. And I think he's picking up on some of my anxiety.
client_turn_30: Yes, I did. I've talked to a couple of the people here at the rehab center and they've actually been very good and very supportive to try and, you know, reassure me. And so that has helped, too. And as I, as we come more each time, it seems to get a little bit easier to let him go back there on his own.
client_turn_31: Not today, but yes, I think it will be. I think this is the start of trying to just maintain some, you know, letting him go a little bit. And even though he is only three, there are going to be things coming up and times for him to, you know, that he's going to need to do his own thing and. Yeah. So this has, this has been helpful. It's. I guess I've been putting it off for a long time and I've just not wanted to deal with separating from him just even for an hour. But I. This is a good start. Good.
client_turn_32: Oh, yeah.
client_turn_33: Yeah, I'd like to do that. Give me some time to think about it and make a list.
client_turn_34: Thank you.
