client_turn_1: I'm ready to go.
client_turn_2: Yeah, no, it's been good, you know, just trying to keep busy, I guess, you know, trying to stay away from using. I mean, it's not easy at times because, you know, just the pain I'm in and I just think about things, but, yeah, no, I mean, I'm doing okay. Hanging in there, I guess you could say.
client_turn_3: Like, maybe five? I guess you could say, okay, so, like, not bad, but, you know, it's annoying, but, I mean, could be worse. I guess so. Yeah.
client_turn_4: Yeah, true.
client_turn_5: Um, just, um, like, um, you know, like, watching. Getting myself, like, involved in, like, watching, like, tv shows and playing some games. Also just been doing just, like, since it's been getting nicer up and, like, going up outside with friends for, like, walks, which kind of helps keep me distracted, so. Yeah, so it's. It's. It's been a. That's been helping to a degree.
client_turn_6: I mean, it helps, I would say, because, you know, I feel like probably the more if I sit around, I think about it, so, I mean, I guess if I usually get myself up and moving, it helps to distract me from it, so. Yeah.
client_turn_7: Yeah, I mean, I also used to go to the gym a lot, so that was, like, a big thing for me. That's kind of like, why to the injury? Because I guess, you know, unfortunately, I don't know, I was overdoing it, maybe, or whatever, but, you know, I used to do that a lot. I just was more. I was definitely more involved, like, physically, with physical activity at that time.
client_turn_8: But, you know, I guess, you know, I don't mind going on walks and stuff like that. It's nice. It's just. It's like, not as satisfying. It's like what I used to do. You know, I look back at what I was able to do, like, where it was at. It's kind of like, you know, it's kind of can be frustrating at times.
client_turn_9: You know, like, yeah, I do. It does help a little bit, the distract for the distractions, you know, like, doing those types of, you know, those types of activities. So, yeah.
client_turn_10: So, yeah, so it's just like, you know, it could be aggravating and, like, upsetting, like, just, you know, with that, you know, then I just kind of like to deal with the pain. I think that's what kind of leads me. That's what leads me to use because just, you know, makes me feel better. So.
client_turn_11: I did. I did once, yeah. I didn't do as much as I usually do, so I guess that's better. But I still did, so.
client_turn_12: My cravings? I would say, I don't know. It's not, like, terrible right now. It's on the lower end. It's with my sending with my urges, I guess just because I've been doing what I can to kind of, like, occupy myself, which helps a bit, but they're never gone. Yeah, it's always. And obviously, like, they're there because that's why I used this this week. And, yeah, you know, so, I mean, it's. I think it's just trying to, like, work on it to get better at, like, trying to figure out how to, like, keep away is, you know, would be beneficial.
client_turn_13: Yeah.
client_turn_14: No, I think it was good because it made me aware of, more aware of are accountable if I do use, I guess, and kind of helped me see my cycle of use or reasons for it, I guess. It's kind of, like, put me on. Like, I don't like a watch or notice. So, in a way, I guess it may be, like I said, a bit more conscious of, like, when I. Like, when I was thinking about it. So it was helpful, I would say.
client_turn_15: Yeah, I did it. I did it.
client_turn_16: Yeah, it was helpful. Helped me, like, kind of recognize myself a little bit more. Like, for triggers, you know, I put down things that trigger me are, like, boredom, isolation. I would say just, oh, overthinking is a big one, and, like, you know, like, I guess also, like, thinking about, like, the past is a big trigger for me. So there was that, and then what was the. I'm trying to. What the next. What about the other parts again, can.
client_turn_17: Just, like, you know, where it was, like, for my health wise and, like, my physical condition and just, like. No, like, I guess I would even say mentally where I was at. At that time, I was much better. And, you know, like, I. I want to get it be. I want to get back to that point, but, you know, at the same time, like, this. This injury I have, God, is, you know, like, not helping the situation, so I could. It's kind of like. It causes me to, like, think about that. Like, I lose motivation to, like, do anything because, you know, I don't see myself getting back to where it was. So it's kind of like, you know, I sometimes, like, think to myself, like, what's the point, you know? So.
client_turn_18: Yeah, I guess you could say that. A little bit of that. It's. I think it's just more like denial, like, about accepting the reality of it, maybe, or whatever. I guess. I guess it. Yeah, I don't know. You know, it's a little bit. It's a little. It's a little bit of everything, I guess.
client_turn_19: Yeah, I mean, I guess I kind of mentioned it before, right? About, like, you know, the, like, thinking about, like, the past or just, like, getting consumed in my thoughts about, like, you know, like, thinking about different things. Such as, you know, like, I think it is the past mostly, I guess. And then I get, like, upset with myself. And then I guess the more I think about it, the more I focus on the pain, usually, which then leads to me wanting to use because it's just, you know, makes me feel better.
client_turn_20: So there was that. What else was there? I'm sorry.
client_turn_21: Yeah. Yeah, I would say it's pretty accurate, yeah.
client_turn_22: Um, uh, I don't know, maybe like six. I would say at that. In that moment. So it was enough for a course I used. Yeah.
client_turn_23: Yeah.
client_turn_24: Yeah, so. Sorry. So, like, behavior. You mean like, when. I'm sorry. When I do use, like, what I am doing in that moment, you mean or like.
client_turn_25: I don't know. I guess, you know, I guess more or less. I just. When I use it, it's just that kind of relieve the pain. So, I mean, it's just kind of like, not really doing anything, like, different, you know? I guess, like, for example, the more of the reason why I use what I don't, like, get myself involved. Right. I. I isolate. I just have myself. I don't, like, that's. You know, I don't go out or I get my. I get myself doing things. Like, I can mention, I think boredom is the biggest trigger and then when I get bored and I'm not, I don't distract myself with something. That's when I start to overthink, and that's what leads to it. So.
client_turn_26: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now they say like that. Yeah, it's true.
client_turn_27: Well, I mean, it gives me. It helps me to. Definitely helps me to feel better. It helps relate, obviously, it's like an instant release of the pain and what else? Yeah, it helps me, I guess, you know, it's good with distracting me and feeling okay, but otherwise, I mean, yeah, I mean, that's really. I guess that's really it, you know, just helps me feel. Feel better in the moment. But then for the negativity, obviously, it's like, I know it's technically just temporary, and it's not like it's not a healthy way to go about things. And I feel like I could get. Try to get myself. I know. I think I have to try to try to be more realistic and know I can get myself back into a better place again. It's just having to get over those temptations or that feeling of quick, you know, release, I guess you could say, or feelings that would really, you know, would help, I guess, would help me more in the long run. So.
client_turn_28: Sounds familiar, but can you kind of tell me a little more about that?
client_turn_29: Yeah, that's helpful. So maybe that's something I can, like you said, think about and try to focus a bit more on as when I get to those points. So, yeah, that's interesting. I guess you gotta piece probably good. I would piece things together.
client_turn_30: I mean, realistically, I think it's actually more like when I'm not with friends or like, you know, not out socially, because, like, when I'm, like I mentioned, when I'm out, I'm with people or doing something, that's when I have, like, I'm more distracted. So it's really more like when I'm on my own, you know, think. Because then I have just myself there to, you know, like, think about things. That's probably, like my scenario, the worst case scenario, where that's when, you know, the use kind of comes into play because, you know, just kind of, like, there and, like, and annoyed or upset with things. And I just, like, you know, I don't. I'm thinking I focus on the pain and then, so then I use, okay, okay.
client_turn_31: Yeah, exactly.
client_turn_32: Exactly. Yeah.
client_turn_33: Yeah, sure.
client_turn_34: Okay. That's fine.
client_turn_35: Yeah, I mean, that's, that's fine. Twenty's, twenty's not a big deal. I can do that for you. What do you need it for exactly?
client_turn_36: Yeah, all right. I mean, yeah, it's $20. I mean, are you sure you're, as long as you're good for giving it, you know, getting. Pay me back at some point. That's, that's cool. I don't mind.
client_turn_37: All right. That's cool, man. Oh, I'll let you, you know, I'll give you a freebie this time, and we'll just try to, like, you know, get, get it back from you when you can. No rush. But I, you know, when you have the time.
client_turn_38: I felt like, kind of, well, for me, that wasn't too big of a deal because, you know, my opinion, like, $20 is not a lot. So I wasn't too, like, annoyed by that. I mean, if it was, like, maybe a lot more money, it'd be a different story.
client_turn_39: The whole reason is so, like, but for me, like, $20, it's fine. It's not a big deal. And honestly, even if I didn't get that kind of money back, it wouldn't really irritate me too much. It's not like another day. It's not a lot. But, you know, I mean, uh, I mean, clearly, if. I guess if you were to come back, this guy would come back. My friend would come back to me for more money. I wouldn't give it to him because, you know, like, he already owed me. He would already owe me. So. So, you know, I wouldn't do that, essentially. Okay.
client_turn_40: A.
client_turn_41: I feel. Ben. Just give me one sec. Sorry. Cat's being kind of annoying anyways. Um, yeah. Uh, I mean, maybe. Maybe the times I could be, uh, passive, I guess, about certain things. Um, like, I guess probably in the sense of like, passive of like, for example, if, like, I guess I can think of like, if for me, the using temptations are high. Where it's like. And if I. In that moment, like, if it's high. Let's say someone does get in touch with me at that point. Like, you know how I think I miss since I was mentioning before, you know, usually, like, if I do something with friends or something, or, like, even if, like, I play games online with them or something, that's a good distraction, but, like, you know, they might ask me, like, if I want to play. And I kind of just was like, I'm like, I'm like, you know, like, I'm passive about the idea of, like, saying no because of my, like, my feelings of, like, wanting to, uh, you know, use instead, where I probably could be more aware of, like, that I know I'm gonna use or that I could, like, kind of just say, like, be, like, take nothing the easy way out or just, like, kind of do, you know, actually do also, you know, what I enjoy. So, like, play games or something. So I'm actually kind of tough to tell myself, like, oh, this is better. Or I can, you know, actually, you know, have a good reason to want to, you know, do something, not just because of, like, for the. To get away from the drug use, but just because I want to, like, actually, you know, do something with my friends. So, yeah, okay.
client_turn_42: Yeah.
client_turn_43: Yeah, I mean, I can probably, like, use, think of that example. Like, even, like, actually, I feel like, actually, the example I was giving you before was when you're doing the role play was actually probably more past progressive because, like, overall, like, I was like, yeah, I'm fine with the. Given the $20, but technically speaking, probably still in the back of my mind. Like, I'm like, do I really want to do it per se? But I don't, like, speak up. I think. I don't think it's that big a video enough where I need to say something, so I still give it. But, like, even if, like, I guess the example, like, or just in general, if I wanted, like, you know, if people do invite me to do, go somewhere, do something, like, especially if, like, I'm, you know, mentally not. Or physically also, like, you know, mentally not feeling right or physically? Physically. Like, thinking about the pain. Like, I kind of think at that moment more about the. The drugs. And so because of that, I kind of, like, delay it, what I have to do, because I'd rather get my fix first, essentially. You know, obviously, if I get my fix and then I do things with my friends, I'll feel better by doing it then. So, you know, and, of course, sometimes I feel like what happens to that is that I don't even follow through with doing those things anyway because then I'm just kind of, like, content with how I feel. So, like, what's the point of, you know, going out or doing that if I'm already feeling in that moment? Fine, you know, so, yeah, that, that.
client_turn_44: I don't know if I usually, like, per se, give people advice. The only thing I can say sometimes is that I guess if, like, maybe more if, like, I can say in the back. And if, like, my friends tell me what to do per se, I could see it, like, because, you know, they. I think some of them are aware of, like, my drug use, and they, you know, tell me, like, I gotta, you know, they tell me, you know, they try. They try to, like, they kind of tell me I need to stop or, I mean, they don't. The thing is, what I don't like is that it's like they don't. I feel like they don't fully understand what's going on with me, so, like, you kind of. And it's like, I feel like they're telling me what to do, and it so frustrates me at times. And so because of that, I can. You know, I just don't, you know, I don't want to listen to what they have to say because, you know, it's like, they don't. I feel like, you know, like I said, they don't get it entirely. I mean, I know they're trying to help, but, like, it's not like I asked for it at times. So in that sense, I guess I could say, like, it's more. I guess I can see how when someone can get aggressive with you. And I guess in a sense, I'm also aggressive back where I'm, like, being, you know, like, closed off about, you know, like, listening to what they have to say, so.
client_turn_45: Yeah.
client_turn_46: No, not really. Yeah, I don't like to do that because. I don't know, I just. Because I wouldn't like everybody, especially more lately since I feel like my people doing it to me, like, it kind of. It irritates me, so I wouldn't want to do it like other people. It's not showing because I don't. I just kind of messed up, in my opinion. I don't know, I just. I wouldn't like, you know, I already don't like being told things. I feel like somebody would feel the same way.
client_turn_47: Yeah. Yeah.
client_turn_48: Yeah.
client_turn_49: Yeah, I mean, I. I think myself. I try that. I think it's just, like, hard, though, at times. Cause, like I said, it's like, I feel like, you know, and, you know, you have people see you in a certain way. Like, my friends, like, they know I use. So it's like, I think they're, like, aggressive about it towards me, and so it's like, I don't. I don't want to kind of get. I try not to, like, I don't want to, like, even get myself trying to even talk to them about things because I feel like they're not going to, like, listen to me anyway. So it's like, what's the point of having conversations with them? Um, but, yeah, I mean, I guess I could try, you know, like, a little bit more to, like, kind of tell them how I feel about things and see if they can get me a bit more. Because, you know, otherwise, I don't think it goes anywhere. It's just kind of like, I don't, like. Like I said, it's like I don't want to list. Hear their advice because I feel like it's kind of just coming straight at me. Like, I mean, I know they're my friends and, you know, I do. I, you know, I do like them, but at the same time, it's like, you know, they're not my parents, so my own person, I mean, I. Look, I know, I know I got an issue. I mean, hey, that's why I'm, like, here. But, yeah, no, I think it's just. I think it's just kind of getting past that, maybe getting past that whole, like, idea that there, I can't talk with them or it's not worth it. I'm just trying to, like, just trying to. Trying to make an effort, you know, to, like, compromise about things or whatnot. So. Yeah.
client_turn_50: Yeah, I mean, because, you know, like, they're all, like, from what I know is, I don't think any of them might really have an issue. Like, I do, I guess you could say, like, they don't use. So, I mean, you know, so I guess they. I don't know if they just look at me and, like, why? Like, I. I guess in a sense of, like, why I'm doing this and, uh, you know, like that, I, you know, like, I'm better than this and, you know, like, I guess, you know, I know I am, technically, but it's just, I don't. That's the way they kind of. I don't like to bring that stuff up with them because personally, just, you know, like, they're my friends, so I just. I don't want to, like, I don't want things to become, like, heated between us and, you know, like, I don't want to, like, ruin our friendships or anything like that, you know? Like, so I just. That's why I just try to, like, not really get myself involved and talking them about those things.
client_turn_51: You know, it's not worth it. It's, like, it's not gonna go, and it's not gonna make me feel any better anyway, so.
client_turn_52: Yeah, I would say so.
client_turn_53: Yeah, I mean, I guess it kind of, like, gives me a better idea about, like, how, like, in different situations, I can be. I think, like, the assertiveness, I have to kind of, like, try to work on, like, especially around my friends because, you know, like I said, I don't, like, I kind of just try to, like, turn up, you know, just kind of close off with them about, like, different things because I just don't want to hear what they have to say. And so I don't. I don't want to deal with it. So I kind of just. I don't, like, tackle it. I guess you could say maybe with them about, like, different things. So, you know, maybe that's, you know, something, I guess hope maybe if I gave it a shot and sat down with them and talked, they could understand it a bit more. Maybe they would be, wouldn't be as, like, on me about it. So, yeah, I feel like that could be helpful. It's just, you know, just, it's, it's hard because I don't want to. I don't want to, like, you know, make things. Like, I don't want to make a mess out of things, you know, because, you know, they're good friends of mine, so it's. I don't want to create tension, essentially, I guess you could say, but it's. I'm saying that, yeah. Like, they annoy me, but. Yeah, I know it sounds stupid, but.
client_turn_54: Yeah.
client_turn_55: Yeah, that's, that's fine. Sure.
client_turn_56: All right.
client_turn_57: I mean, I don't. Listen, I mean, listen, I don't want to, I just don't want to, like, I don't want to talk about that right now. It's kind of, uh, you know, like you'd rather just kind of just chill, if that's okay.
client_turn_58: Yeah. I mean, listen, um. Listen, man, I mean, I. Look, I appreciate you, like, kind of telling me this. I get it. I just, I just want you to kind of, like, understand that, you know? Look, I'm working on, I'm working on myself right now. I'm actually you know, I am, I am seeing somebody right now to kind of, like, work on myself with this, and I just, you know, I understand, like, your concern. I get it. I just want you to, like, I want you to just, you know, be aware that, you know, I'm doing. I'm. I need to, you know, I do need to work on myself, and, you know, I just, I just want to, you know, you're. Listen, man, I appreciate you're a good friend of mine, but I just feel like, you know, like you're just coming on a little too strong at times. I'm like, you know, it doesn't help. I'm ready. Feeling kind of low about, like, what I'm doing, and I just, you know, I'm aware of what I need to fix. I just, you know, I just need some space on that. This. All I ask is, you know, can you, like, just kind of try to support me? You know, it's not like I'm not trying. Like, I'm trying, like, you know, it's. I've been through a lot through the past couple of years, so I, you know, I just, I don't, I don't want you to think that, like, I'm not, like, you know, that this is, that's all I do. I mean, you know, I just, you know, I want to be able to talk to you as, like, a friend where he understands more than just, like, kind of, like, coming at me like my parent, you know? So I. Sorry. I'm not trying to be harsh or anything. I just, you know, I just, I need. I need you to kind of, like, come down a level for me and, like, kind of, you know, see where I'm at.
client_turn_59: I mean, no, not saying you haven't. It's just sometimes I feel like it's like you're you, you know, it's like you're in my face, you know, like, I feel like you just kind of, like you've seen, like, on the outside what's going on, and. But, I mean, you know, I feel like, and I get it. It's like, that's partially my fault, too. I feel like we haven't talked about, like, what's really bothering me and, like, why. Why I'm this way, you know? So maybe, I guess, you know, like, we should. It would help if we talked about that, so, like, you know, you can understand where I'm coming from a bit more, you know? So. Because, you know, like, I don't think I. We probably, you know, I don't think we've really talked about that because, you know, I don't like to really say much because I'd rather not, like, get in. I don't like to kind of open up about these things because, you know, I. It's embarrassing, but, you know, if. If you're willing to listen, you know, I'd be, you know, I would be, you know, would want to share with you because, you know, you're a good friend of mine. Just. I want you just kind of, like, understand a bit more.
client_turn_60: All right, cool. Thanks, man. Yeah. It's just been hard because, you know, I just been dealing with issue myself, and I don't know what to say. And, you know, like I said, I don't want to, like, kind of ruin what we have and everything like that, but, you know, I just. I just want you to kind of, like, try to, you know, understand what's going on with me a bit more, so that's all.
client_turn_61: I mean, obviously good. It's just, you know, like, the only thing of course I think about is, like, I'm hoping, like, if I kind of, like, talk about that, like, that my friends or whoever I'm talking to is going to be receptive to what I'm saying, you know, I mean, sometimes I feel like, you know, I don't know because I could say that, and then they may not really want to deal with it, so, like, because everybody's different, but I I guess I have to try or. And kind of do that because then, otherwise, I'm not gonna know, so.
client_turn_62: So cool. Thanks.
client_turn_63: Yeah, no, I think it went pretty good. Honestly, got some good information from it today. So, yeah, it just makes me maybe try to start working on that with, like, talking, communicating my friends that are just kind of letting them know how I feel. And it's going to be hard, I feel like. But, I mean, I got to try, I guess. So, you know, I'll do, you know, see what. I'll see how it goes.
client_turn_64: Right.
client_turn_65: Yeah, I could do that. It's fine.
client_turn_66: All right, cool. Sounds good. Thanks. Bye.
