counsellor_turn_1: Hazel, how you doing today?
counsellor_turn_2: What's been going on?
counsellor_turn_3: In the bathroom?
counsellor_turn_4: Oh, they didn't catch the person?
counsellor_turn_5: So he's still out in the community.
counsellor_turn_6: So how is it affecting your. Your daily life? Can you tell me kind of what your. What you've been feeling?
counsellor_turn_7: Okay. So anxious and aware.
counsellor_turn_8: So you covered a lot of ground there. So you have the. You have the feeling of being, like, worried, nervous. Right. That's going to happen to you, but you've also had to kind of change your routine, or you feel you have to change your routine to feel safer.
counsellor_turn_9: Has that helped. Has changing the way you dressed or changing where you go and when you go, has that helped reduce the anxiety?
counsellor_turn_10: You mentioned specifically your husband. Like, what's been going on there?
counsellor_turn_11: Have you taken any precautions because of this persistent worry? I mean, I already mentioned, like, with the camera specifically.
counsellor_turn_12: And that seems reasonable. So you take reasonable precautions to try to avoid being video recorded against your will.
counsellor_turn_13: Okay. But still, you have this feeling of worry, anxiety, and your schedules being interfered with.
counsellor_turn_14: So you'd like to cope more effectively with your feelings, reduce this anxiety. So when you enter into a public bathroom. Now, we talked about automatic thoughts before.
counsellor_turn_15: Those thoughts just kind of pop into our head and they connect to feelings of that can be unpleasant, like anxiety and worry. So when you walk into a public restroom, what's the first thing that goes through your mind?
counsellor_turn_16: Okay, so when you walk in, you're wondering if there's a camera there.
counsellor_turn_17: And when that automatic thought occurs, what follows that in terms of a feeling or behavior?
counsellor_turn_18: So your behavior is looking for the camera or sometimes just leaving without using restroom, and you're feeling that anxiety worry that we've been talking about. Okay, so, really, if we think about. We talked before about core beliefs, intermediate beliefs, and I'm wondering if the intermediate belief isn't I'm vulnerable, or this more specifically, maybe that's more of a core belief. More specifically, I'm vulnerable in this area, like, with this guy on the loose that committed that crime, and then that's combining with situations that you encounter, and that's where you're getting those automatic thoughts. Does that sort of make sense?
counsellor_turn_19: Okay, so you remember what, in terms of cognitive therapy, we like to apply what we call the adaptive response, or self talk.
counsellor_turn_20: So it's that thought that you interject at that moment, you realize you're having an automatic thought that's gonna lead to, in this case, anxiety and worry and behaviors that, while looking for the camera, isn't maybe an unusual behavior, but leaving, you know, that could certainly be an unuseful behavior. So, in terms of that self talk, let's work to develop a self talk response, something you can tell yourself to that initial. I wonder if there's a camera in this bathroom. What do you think you could tell yourself that would get in between that thought and I, the feelings you're having?
counsellor_turn_21: Right. That's good. So you have a low probability of it happening, and you're taking useful behaviors to minimize your risk even further.
counsellor_turn_22: So that's a good automatic thought, I think, or good adaptive response for the automatic thought. Rather, why don't you try that one out the next time you have that automatic thought? Try out that. I think that's really logical. It's unlikely to happen. Of course there's a chance, and we acknowledge that in the self talk, there's a chance that it could happen, but there's precautions you can take, and it's a low chance sometimes as well. So keep that automatic thought. We'll review it at the end before you leave today. We'll write these down. But that's one adaptive response, rather, that I want to write down for you. I also want to talk about the worst case scenario because right now you have the anxiety and the worry about an event that while it's unlikely it could happen, it could happen. And I'm wondering how you think you would react if the worst did happen. If you used the restroom and you found out from law enforcement or by finding a camera that an offender had been watching you on a recording. I think you would react to that.
counsellor_turn_23: But.
counsellor_turn_24: It happened and it would make sense to feel upset. That would be upsetting for anybody. But as you noted, that would probably be relatively temporary, that distress, right. Well, acute. And certainly you wouldn't be happy about it and shouldn't be happy about it. It would probably go away. You'd probably learn to adapt. How long have you been in this state of anxiety and worry?
counsellor_turn_25: Two months. And how many days in the average week are you affected by these feelings?
counsellor_turn_26: Every day. So if we can compare it, right, we have the chances of being recorded. Right. Illegally. That's a low probability event. It can happen. Probably not likely. The anxiety and the worry that you're having, that's a high probability event because you're suffering from it every day.
counsellor_turn_27: So there's a point at which maybe you reach and you say, I'd rather take. I'd rather take the risk. I'd rather deal with the potential consequence of an unlikely event of being recorded and face that if it happens, than be in the state of anxiety and worry.
counsellor_turn_28: Right now you're suffering, right. If you could adaptively respond effectively, you're still going to have that risk of being recorded, but, you know, you could survive that event if it happened, right?
counsellor_turn_29: And you're taking reasonable cautions and, you know, all the things we talked about. So as you think about this in a more general sense, is there an adaptive response you could apply to that, to that automatic thought of, I need to be worried about this, or whatever that thought looks like. Sometimes the thought's an image, right? Maybe an image of being recorded, but whatever that kind of general series of automatic thoughts are that are getting you anxious and worried before you even get out of the house. What adaptive response could you apply there?
counsellor_turn_30: Probably most are right.
counsellor_turn_31: That's great. That's a great adaptive response. Yeah. And actually, that's kind of a few adaptive responses, but that's good. And you can apply them, and we'll kind of break them down. Like I said before you leave today, we'll break those down so you can hammer it down as you go out. And I think it's important because the automatic thoughts tend to spring on us quickly. It's important to rehearse these adaptive responses so we're ready to go and kind of, we're preparing ourselves to apply that adaptive response. And in order to be prepared, you have to know what it is. So it's good to have it written down and kind of more or less commit to memory.
counsellor_turn_32: Does that kind of make sense?
counsellor_turn_33: All right, so before you leave today, I'll take care of that, and I want you to use those adaptive responses for this week. I'll see you next week and record what the outcome was every time you're able to apply the adaptive response. And that includes what you felt and what you actually did.
counsellor_turn_34: And, of course, as you mentioned, any physiological reactions like your heart racing or anything like that. So that's really. That's a behavior. But note both physiological behaviors and other behaviors. Once you're consciously controlling. And then any feelings. And we'll go through them. We'll go through each time you use it one by one, depending how many there are. I and kind of see if we need to adjust the adaptive response and see how well it's working.
counsellor_turn_35: Does that sound like the plan?
counsellor_turn_36: So we'll go from there. And I appreciate you coming in today.
counsellor_turn_37: Thanks.
