client_turn_1: You know, I've been asked that question every day for the past two, three weeks. And the only thing I can respond with is what would make a wife cheat on her husband? I mean, it's petty. I know it's petty. But I loved her. And finding out that more than once she was with somebody else, that took something from me that I couldn't get back. And for months I was dealing with. What could I have done? What was it? What did I do? Because it has to have been me. She's too nice a person for that, right? She's too smart a person for that, right? And then weeks of me finally understanding that it wasn't me. A decision that you make is a decision that you make. So when Susie, my administrative assistant, came into the picture, I had a decision that I had to make. I have to take it off and spend time with Susie. Or keep it on and spend many a night alone. So why? You figure it out.
client_turn_2: I guess. I mean, what else could it be? Yeah, maybe I am that petty. But it's just. It's not love anymore.
client_turn_3: Because that's the type of household I was brought up in.
client_turn_4: My dad always told me that you take care of your business and your girl is your business. You never leave her. You take care of her no matter what. That's what you do. So when I got older, I asked him, what do you mean you never leave her? He said, divorce is not an option. That's pretty much how it is in my household.
client_turn_5: It's the only thing that makes sense.
client_turn_6: Do I seem happy?
client_turn_7: No. So everything that I feel, everything that I am is stuck on the inside. This is actually the first time I've actually talked about any of her.
client_turn_8: Why do I have to do this?
client_turn_9: I felt uncomfortable since the moment I found out that you just didn't love me anymore. I felt uncomfortable every single night I've been in the guest room because I just couldn't take being with you. I felt uncomfortable since the very moment I felt like it was okay because of what you did to me. To take off my wedding band, to forget my vows, to forget you, to try and be something that I'm not. Every night that I was with Susie, I imagined that I was with you, but not who you are now. I imagine that I was with the woman that I first met, woman that I first loved. But you're not the same person anymore. I haven't been the same person over a year. Every day that I wake up and I see your face, I have to imagine that you are that same person because that's the. The only thing that keeps me around. That and the fact that I just don't think I can make. And it's not because I love you so much anymore, because it's not you that I love. It's not because of anything religious. It's because I don't want to deal with my family.
client_turn_10: I'm fine.
client_turn_11: It makes sense, if that's what you're saying. The question is, how am I supposed to deal with, like, right now? I know I've got the option of staying with her and dealing with this every day for as long as I stay with her and deal with this or just leaving, and then I have to deal with everything else around me. How am I supposed to get past that? That's my question. And I don't know. I don't even know if that's really the right way to go.
client_turn_12: My family, the judgments. What? I'm gonna have to deal with my brother, who, by the way, is married, and he's not dealing with infidelity, but he's dealing with the same depression I am. The love isn't there anymore. We don't get divorced. Not in my household.
client_turn_13: Sounds like it.
client_turn_14: No.
client_turn_15: That I was thinking this way? My dad would probably disown you.
client_turn_16: Especially when I seen that he dealt with the same thing. My family doesn't do well with marriages because I haven't met a single person in my lineage that has a happy marriage.
client_turn_17: Not really.
client_turn_18: Who doesn't?
client_turn_19: I think you're asking me to do something that I don't know I'm prepared to do. I don't know if I can do that.
client_turn_20: Look, I've tried everything else already, so I don't think I really have an option here.
