client_turn_1: Hi.
client_turn_2: Yeah. Yeah, I guess it kind of started, like, five, six years ago.
client_turn_3: It kind of escalated a bit. I've just recently moved out from living with my parents, so it's made it a bit worse, I think.
client_turn_4: Yeah, it's the first time, actually. I was going to a few years ago, thought it would be easier to stay home.
client_turn_5: Yeah.
client_turn_6: It's kind of. I haven't really told anyone, so, I mean, it's made it better in the sense I feel hopefully this is. This is it. Like, it'll help, but I don't know. I don't like thinking that I've had, like, how to do this. I never thought I'd be the kind of person who'd have to actually go and, like, get help, if that makes sense.
client_turn_7: Bit like scared? I don't know. Hopefully it will help.
client_turn_8: Yeah.
client_turn_9: I thought that they'd be better because I thought I'd have to kind of be independent. And it's actually a lot worse. I'm just kind of staying in the house a lot. I don't really have any friends or anything. I mean, my family come and visit a bit, but it's nothing. I don't know. It's kind of scary because I've just been kind of literally just in the flat by myself, which I always thought I'd like, but I don't actually like it.
client_turn_10: I mean, I'm a photographer, so I kind of. It's been stopping me a bit, my anxiety from being able to get work, and because every time there's an opportunity that is kind of involving me having to interact with people, I just tend to just turn it down. So I was kind of making things hard in that respect and just kind of friends wise and everything, I feel like I'm just kind of increasingly more alone. So it's kind of stopping me from making friends and, you know, like, relationships and stuff.
client_turn_11: Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of easier when I was at home because I was obviously. I mean, my parents and stuff, that's fine. But, you know, they would. I'd go to places with them or I'd kind of have people there. But more and more, I'm just finding myself just staying in a lot. I mean, I went, like, two weeks to get coffee with my friends, and the whole time I was just kind of wanting to go home again. So I just don't want to. I don't want that to happen. I don't want to lose everyone.
client_turn_12: Yeah.
client_turn_13: Yeah.
client_turn_14: I guess I'd finished school about a year before that. And, I mean, I've always been a bit shy at school, but it was never, ever like. It didn't really affect things as much as. Not at all, as much as it has been doing the last few years. I guess it just started when my friends went to university, and, I don't know, I felt like I was expected to kind of move out or just do something, and then it just kind of escalated from there. I'd just stop going to parties, or I'd just say no to invitations or. I thought my job would help because, I mean, I love it. I really like doing photography, but I'm just kind of getting less and less work as it goes on, which is my fault. I keep saying no, but what kind.
client_turn_15: You in your job? I guess when I have to kind of be working with other people, I don't like that. It's like when I'm trying to kind of do an event or something where there's a lot of people there, not just photographers, but actual, you know, if I'm, like, taking photos of people that I don't know, I just kind of find myself saying no. I mean, I want to do them, but it's scary, so I just don't do it.
client_turn_16: I mean, I get really hot and sweaty, and I feel like everyone's kind of looking at me and thinking that I'm just, like, really stupid. And I feel like they're all going to be staring and thinking, I just can't do my job and I'm just an idiot. And, I mean, they'll think that I just look like a weirdo. And I just try. And, I mean, I just kind of just try and get out of the situation or just focus on something else. So that's why I like doing shots where it's just me and the camera, because then I can just put all my attention on that instead of having to, you know, be with other people.
client_turn_17: It just makes me feel like an idiot. Makes me feel like I just shouldn't even bother trying to do it anymore. I should just go home. And I just. I think I just don't want to be in that situation. I just feel like everyone else is fine and they're normal, and I'm just the freak who can't, like, do normal things.
client_turn_18: A work situation or just. Yeah.
client_turn_19: Yeah. I was doing a job where it was kind of like a nature shoot, and I was having to work with a lot of different people. And when they told me about the job, I thought it would be fine. I thought it was just going to be a few other photographers, but there were actually people in, you know, I was taking photos of people kind of ingest the trees and stuff like that. And I get. They asked me to.
client_turn_20: Yeah, yeah, it was a fashion thing. I think it was for some kind of. I'm not sure if it was a campaign or something, but.
client_turn_21: Yeah, it was really cool. But I found it really hard to try and focus on that because I was so. I was kind of feeling really anxious. And.
client_turn_22: No, it was. No.
client_turn_23: That was two weeks ago.
client_turn_24: Yeah.
client_turn_25: I just felt really. Just really kind of hot. I couldn't really breathe and just felt like I wanted to just get out. And I was kind of trying really, really hard to just focus and just, you know, like, kind of hold the camera and just not think about anything. But I just felt like everyone was looking at me and, like, when they'd say action, and they try and get me to start, and I was just felt like everyone was just thinking I was really stupid and I shouldn't have been there.
client_turn_26: Yeah.
client_turn_27: Yeah.
client_turn_28: I was just trying to focus on it, just thinking if I could just hold it really tightly, it would just. I don't know, I'd kind of just be able to just get through it and just focus.
client_turn_29: Yeah.
client_turn_30: Because I felt like I was getting really, like, hot and flushed. And I just thought, at least if I can just. I don't know, it sounds weird, but I was just trying to keep my hands still on it because my hands were kind of sweaty and, like, shaking, like, loads, like. And I could just tell everyone Washington looking and they could see, and I just thought if I just managed to hold onto it, it wouldn't be as noticeable, but.
client_turn_31: Just. I was just stupid. And it just really just felt really like a. Kind of like everyone was just going to be staring and just thinking that I just felt like everyone was looking at me and just. They could tell and just thinking, what's she doing? And they could tell what? I was just really, like, sweaty and.
client_turn_32: Yeah. So I always try and wear black. So this kind of tries to cover it up and just, like, a lot of layers so they can't tell. But, I mean, my hands, like, they were so shaking. I was really red and just wishing that I just wasn't there.
client_turn_33: I think just really stupid. And, like, I think my face was really red. I could feel it flushing, and I knew that I was probably sweating and shaking. Like, my hands were definitely, really, really shaking, and it was, like, definitely, really noticeable. Everyone could definitely see.
client_turn_34: Well, again, I was trying to grip the camera, just look down, just trying not to do anything weird or. Because, I mean, they could probably tell I was being weird anyway, but hopefully I just tried really hard to just focus and look down, not try, like, not look at anyone else, and just. Yeah, just kind of try and get on with it as best as I could.
client_turn_35: Yeah, no, I always do that, even if it's really hot or I wear just loads of layers and just because otherwise I'll just be really sweaty and, like, people would definitely be able to see, so.
client_turn_36: Well, it kind of went on for, like, an hour or so, and then people were going. After every shoot, people go out for drinks after just to kind of celebrate like that we've done it. But I just. I went home straight away. Just got in my car and went home. I just didn't want to be around them, especially after they would have seen me being weird. And I just wanted to get home straight away.
