counsellor_turn_1: Okay. All right. I think it's recording. All right, so let me get started here already.
counsellor_turn_2: Okay. Hi, Paul. It's good to see you again. Hey, how's the past week been for you since we last saw each other?
counsellor_turn_3: So, where would you say your pain is at right now? And it's one to ten, maybe, like, changes every day, but, you know, on average, what would you say?
counsellor_turn_4: Could also be better, though. You know, it's about middle. Middle of the pack.
counsellor_turn_5: Okay. And you said you've been keeping busy. What, uh, what have you been doing?
counsellor_turn_6: How have the walks been? Even though you're in that level of pain, what is it like?
counsellor_turn_7: All right. Before your injury, would you kind of. Are those things that you would do, like, going outside, taking walks, watching. Watching things, playing games, are those kind of activities that you would occupy your time with before you got injured?
counsellor_turn_8: Mm hmm.
counsellor_turn_9: Yeah, sure. Absolutely.
counsellor_turn_10: Yeah. It sounds like you're dealing with a sense of loss, even though, you know, we kind of tend to assume or associate loss with more grief, you know, losing someone to death or something. Or something like that. But what you're describing is a sense of loss. You know, losing abilities that used to have, that made you feel happier and that that's its own sense of loss.
counsellor_turn_11: And have you. Have you used it all in the past week?
counsellor_turn_12: Yeah. Okay. And right now, where would you say, like, your cravings are your urges?
counsellor_turn_13: Yeah.
counsellor_turn_14: It's going to take time and hard work, so that. But, you know, that's what we're here to do, so. And last week we talked about increasing kind of awareness of your use, what goes into it, what comes out of it. How did you feel about how last session went?
counsellor_turn_15: Yeah, yeah, that's great, because that's. That's kind of what the. The main goal of that. That session was. So I'm glad to hear that it helped a little bit. And were you able to. To fill out that record that I gave you a list of, you know, triggers, some thoughts, intensity of cravings, those kinds of things. Were you able to work?
counsellor_turn_16: And how was that experience?
counsellor_turn_17: I just ask first? What. What about the past? Do you tend to think of the most that. That really affects you?
counsellor_turn_18: Yeah, like, a sense of hopelessness, it sounds like.
counsellor_turn_19: Yeah. Okay, so you have it listed, triggers. Um, the next one was some thoughts, feelings, and beliefs that go into. Into use. Like, one of them when you're about to use what. What am I thinking? What am I feeling. What do I tell myself? What kind of. Were you able to think about that kind of thing?
counsellor_turn_20: Yeah.
counsellor_turn_21: No problem. So it sounds like when you. When you're about to use, you're telling yourself where the common thoughts that you tell yourself are. I'm not going to get back to. Back to what I used to be, how I was. You know, it's. It's just not really realistic for me. I used to be so much better than I was. Now I'm less of who I want to be. Does that sound accurate?
counsellor_turn_22: Okay. And then we kind of talked about this a little bit, but the intensity of the cravings. So over the past week, you said it was on average, like a five. And then right before you. You did use, you said you used once. What was the. How high were the cravings on a scale of one to ten, would you say?
counsellor_turn_23: So, yeah, but overall, on average, it was like a five out of ten.
counsellor_turn_24: Okay. And then we talked about behaviors like, what do you do when you use? Were able to kind of talk about that and list that out.
counsellor_turn_25: Yeah, yeah.
counsellor_turn_26: Yeah, that's interesting because you. You identified isolation and boredom as some of your triggers. And then after you use you, you also tend to isolate and stay put and don't do much either. So it's kind of like a self feeding cycle.
counsellor_turn_27: And we talked about analyzing the positive results and the negative results of your use. So what would you say are the positive results of using for you? Maybe not just this past week, but in the past, what are the good things that come out of it?
counsellor_turn_28: Yeah. Okay. And have you ever heard the phrase or the term playing the tape?
counsellor_turn_29: I guess I. Yeah, sure. So it's kind of a common term in addiction between recovering. Recovering addicts. Those. Those in recovery, they kind of refer to playing a tape as basically consequential thinking, like taking an action that they're thinking about doing. Like, say, I'm thinking about picking up and using in this moment and then playing the tape would be okay if I did this, what would happen? And just kind of playing, like, the scenario out in your mind and think and visualizing what happens. And then it's supposed to help think of the consequences and be more mindful of the outcomes of what you're about to do. So that's kind of what goes along with this last piece of what we were talking about, the results, the positive and the negative. So, yeah, that's if you. Yeah, so that's just something to keep thinking about as well.
counsellor_turn_30: Yeah, it's definitely a skill, you know, like all things. So it's gonna take practice and time, so it's not gonna come 100% right away, but so we talked about all these things, like triggers, becoming more aware of the situations, the thoughts and the feelings, the cravings, all that kind of thing that go into substance use. And now today, the focus is mainly going to be on styles of communication. So in the future, it's going to be important to avoid situations that involve alcohol and drug use. It's important for anyone in recovery to do that. But it's not always going to be realistic. You're going to be, no matter what, you're going to be in a situation that has some kind of relationship to alcohol or drug use. You might be at a pharmacy, you might be at the grocery store. You might just find yourself against your best actions. You might just find yourself around people who are engaged in that kind of use. So it's important to be able to also have strategies and be able to practice those strategies that can make you better at being able to stay away from using. So can you just think of what would be a situation where you would be, where you would feel most pressured to use? Like, you'd feel that, that pressure to engage in that kind of activity.
counsellor_turn_31: So it's less so the more it's less. So the social interaction, more the opposite. The social, the lack of social interaction.
counsellor_turn_32: Affects.
counsellor_turn_33: Okay. And today I wanted to go over the different types of communication styles. There are about four, four primary types. I don't want to go over that with you. But first I thought we could just do a basic role play, not related to any kind of substance use, but just try to see what youre, your instinctual, most common type of communication style is. So would you be open to that?
counsellor_turn_34: Okay. So we can think of a situation where maybe someone, maybe I'm asking you for, to borrow some money for you and just kind of react how you would, you think you would normally react. And I'm going to try to really get you to give me the money, but just react in the way that you think you would normally react. Okay.
counsellor_turn_35: Okay. Hey, Paul, I'm really in a, kind of a jam right now. Do you have, like, $20 that I could borrow? I promise I'll pay you back, but it would really help me out right now.
counsellor_turn_36: I kind of owe some, oh, so guy some money. So this really helps me out, just being able to pay that guy back, that really, I really need it right now. So, um.
counsellor_turn_37: Yeah, totally. I'm. You got my word. I'm, you know, I'll totally, totally pay you back, you know.
counsellor_turn_38: Okay. So how did, how did that kind of feel?
counsellor_turn_39: You know what?
counsellor_turn_40: All right. So that was an example of what we'd call passive communication. And you're always going to run to a different situation that has its own nuance and complexity. No situation is going to be identical. So it's always a complicated process to communicate with someone else and weigh what you want versus what they want, what you're thinking, what you think they might be thinking. It's a very difficult balancing act to strike. But that was an example of what we call passive communication, which is.
counsellor_turn_41: Person is primarily characterized by a lot of fear of expressing themselves directly. Maybe they feel unable to. They tend to kind of go along with what the other person wants. They might feel like the other person won't listen to them or they won't care if they actually express what they really want. Not that that's necessarily what you were thinking in that moment, but in a situation similar to that, it's the difficulty with expressing one's own opinion and advocating for what you want in that moment. So another example would be if you were asked to go to maybe an event for work or something like that, that is kind of out of your way and it's kind of inconvenient. And instead of, you know, making it known that, oh, this is kind of tough for me, like, I can't. I have other stuff going on. You kind of. You just. Okay, yeah, sure. I'll be able to go that, you know, no problem. Not, you know, not expressing what they need and what they want in a clear way. How do you. Do you have any association with that? Does that ring a bell for you at all?
counsellor_turn_42: So it, you feel some connection to it sometimes that kind of, that kind of style of behavior or communication, rather.
counsellor_turn_43: Okay. And then from passive, we also have passive aggressive communication, which is someone may appear to go along with, with what another person wants, but then their, their actual behavior stands in contrast to that. They, they may, their behavior may indicate their true feelings about what's going on, even though what they're saying might, might be the opposite. So there's kind of that contradiction between expression and behavior. So an example would be maybe you're invited to another work thing or maybe a family gathering, and you don't really want to go, but you don't want to outright say they don't want to go. So you say, yeah, I just, I got some other things to do first, but then I'll stop by later. That would be an example of passive aggressive, which it can be difficult to kind of identify sometimes because maybe you might not be fully aware of what, what that kind of behavior is. But does that sound familiar at all or.
counsellor_turn_44: Specific example, it's a very common aspect of those who experience addiction, those who are in recovery. You're definitely not alone in that wanting to kind of prioritize your own use, but also wanting to satisfy the wants and the needs of others. So that's always definitely a difficult balance to strike as well. And then from passive aggressive, we have aggressive communication, which it's characterized by you primarily ignoring the rights or the feelings of others and ignoring what they might need and putting more focus on what you think, what you need, what you want. And it can be often be very. It can come out in example of, like, yelling, shouting, threatening, someone using intimidation, that kind of insensitivity to the delivery of the message. You may not even want to hear how someone else feels. You just totally disregarded. You know, an example might be giving. Giving people advice that's not needed or they didn't ask for and kind of cutting them down based on how you feel they should be acting. Does this kind of style of communication relate to you at all?
counsellor_turn_45: Yeah. Yeah. Aggressive communication is definitely a very. It's a very cyclical kind of process where as soon as someone starts communicating aggressively, it very likely will prompt the other person to escalate their communication, and things just kind of rise and rise and rise, and the outcomes are usually not what either person wants, so. Yeah, that sounds like what you're describing as well.
counsellor_turn_46: But it sounds like overall, you don't. You mostly don't kind of associate yourself with this kind of communication.
counsellor_turn_47: Yeah. Yeah. And that's a sense of empathy, understanding why someone might not want to be. To be communicated with in that way.
counsellor_turn_48: And then the last. Last style of communication we're going to talk about is assertive communication, which is someone expressing their thoughts, their feelings, what they want directly to the other person, and doing it in very clear terms, but also being respectful and acknowledging what the other person's rights and what their feelings might be. So, you know, communicating in a. In a calm, calm manner, not using threats, are raising their voice, but also not diluting their own. Their own message, what they want to get across. So it's a very. It's a. It's a big compromise between what you want, what the other person wants, and then meeting in the middle to try to find the best solution. So.
counsellor_turn_49: Would you say that you, you associate with that kind of communication?
counsellor_turn_50: Yeah, that makes sense. So you feel like they're not always very sensitive to what. What you may be feeling at that moment?
counsellor_turn_51: Yeah.
counsellor_turn_52: Yeah. Okay, so you feel like they can be more aggressive more often than you. Than you are?
counsellor_turn_53: Okay, so basically, the four. There are some primary purposes of an aspect of assertive communication, which is informing others of what you think and what you feel. Informing them in a way that is not hurtful to them and asking others to change their behavior that affects you, and then accepting what others say or request from you and also rejecting, if as necessary. So those are the kind of main principles of assertive communication. So how do you feel now that we've gone over those various types of communication?
counsellor_turn_54: No, it doesn't sound stupid at all. You care about your relationships with them.
counsellor_turn_55: So would you. How would you feel about doing a quick, another quick role play, wherever I might be playing the part of one of your friends who is communicating with you in a way that you might feel in that, that sense of disrespect and insensitivity, and then you can try to practice some, some assertive communication. Would you be okay with that?
counsellor_turn_56: Okay. Okay. So based on what you've talked about with your, your relationship with their friends, I'm going to try to try to channel that and, you know, replicate that for you.
counsellor_turn_57: Hey, Paul, have you used this week? I'm. I get the feeling that you have, and I just, I can't. I need to talk to you about it.
counsellor_turn_58: Well, I can't. I can't really chill, because it's, it's, it's just on my mind a lot, and, like, you understand, like, what. What you're doing, right? Like, you can't keep going like this. It's just, it's, it's, it's not you.
counsellor_turn_59: You. You don't think I've really been supporting you?
counsellor_turn_60: Yeah. I wanted to have you to talk to you about it, and I wanted you to talk to me about it, but it just seems like you're always kind of unwilling to. But I guess. I guess maybe I tend to come on a bit stronger than I maybe should, and maybe I haven't been totally, totally receptive to what. To what you're going to, so. Yeah. Yeah, I think that, yeah, I'd really like to sit down sometime and really kind of talk about what you're. What you might be going through, so.
counsellor_turn_61: Okay. How did that feel? Better.
counsellor_turn_62: Yeah. And I can tell from. From that, I I saw that. I noticed that you. You kind of started more of a passive kind of style where you just kind of didn't want to talk about it. You were resistant to talking about it, but then as it kind of went along, you got more. More assertive and more. More clear about what you were thinking, what you were feeling, and how the other person was affecting you. So I thought that was a really good starting point.
counsellor_turn_63: All right, so we're coming to the end of this session. So we've talked about first we went over last week, becoming more aware of your triggers, what you're thinking, the thoughts that come to mind, how the cravings, behaviors, how you act, and then the positive and negative results of those behaviors. And then today we went over these different styles of communication. We role played a little bit and kind of analyzed maybe how you tend to associate with communication the ways that you tend to communicate most often. So, yeah, I want to just. How did you feel today's session went?
counsellor_turn_64: Yeah. Yeah. And again, this is going to take practice. It's. It's. It's difficult work, but, you know, I'm never going to ask you. I'm not always going to ask you to do something that's easy, but I'm always going to ask you something to do something that you are able to do. So. Yeah, so I guess next week we're going to. We're going to talk more about social aspect, building social supports. And this can kind of go along a long way with that, with enhancing the level of support you feel from your friends by also communicating with them in a more assertive way. And they kind of, you know, the different sessions kind of build off each other, you know?
counsellor_turn_65: And each one improves on the other one. So. Okay, so I guess for the next week, if you could maybe make a list of different interactions you have with other people and kind of play out or write out what. Reflect on. Sorry, reflect on what. How you felt you communicated based on what we talked about today, and then maybe think about, okay, how could I have done something differently? What do I think? What went well in this interaction? What went not so well? And then next week we can come back and talk about it a little bit. Does that sound. Oh, how does that sound?
counsellor_turn_66: Okay. So thank you for coming again to this week. It's good to talk to you again, and I'll see you again next week.
