counsellor_turn_1: Hello, Marcy, how you doing?
counsellor_turn_2: Been better. Yeah, I saw that you called a few times between the last session and today. You left a few messages.
counsellor_turn_3: We can talk about that. I want to talk about that after getting those messages. Remember we discussed the process for when your mood deteriorates and you had a few other resources you wanted to connect with before calling me.
counsellor_turn_4: Your brother was one of those resources.
counsellor_turn_5: Did you attempt to.
counsellor_turn_6: So you didn't contact him first because he thought he doesn't care? Yeah, and we'd also talked about a few different friends that you had that you'd reached out to, you didn't contact them or did.
counsellor_turn_7: Right. We talked about how there's limitations on time and how it would be better if we could keep the therapy in here in person. Right. And not get really too excessive with the telephone calls. I realize that when you're in distress, there's that kind of feeling that it would be a good idea to call. But remember, we discussed different levels of distress. And if it's something common that you've been through before and you kind of know the outcome, connecting with one of those resources might be more helpful.
counsellor_turn_8: I remember you discussing, a few weeks ago, your boyfriend, and you had a fairly high opinion of him. Like, it was. It seemed like a positive.
counsellor_turn_9: Yeah, I remember. You seem very excited about where that relationship could go.
counsellor_turn_10: And you seem like you're much more negative about.
counsellor_turn_11: So you have. You had this experience with the text message and you don't know? You don't know any more than that? But it sounds like you kind of jumped to, he's cheating. So, you know, he went to a text message and went to someone's house.
counsellor_turn_12: Could it be that you're jumping to that conclusion prematurely?
counsellor_turn_13: So you feel like you've seen this all before, this pattern?
counsellor_turn_14: So you really, this week at least, you don't seem to think a lot of yourself.
counsellor_turn_15: So in a way, you feel like your mood is subject to how your current romantic relationship is going?
counsellor_turn_16: Is there anything that you can do from your side to improve what's going on?
counsellor_turn_17: So the. So the key to feeling better is finding the right person.
counsellor_turn_18: So does some of this seem like what you're describing with your mood, does some of this seem like you're out of control?
counsellor_turn_19: I know in the past, when we've talked about this, you've mentioned that you thought that that behavior could be driving them away, too.
counsellor_turn_20: I wonder if sometimes you acting on those suspicions, that's not making things a little worse in those relationships.
counsellor_turn_21: So you have called other boyfriends and this boyfriend many times?
counsellor_turn_22: On the phone?
counsellor_turn_23: So is all that calling something you do to relieve anxiety?
counsellor_turn_24: Mm hmm. You know, there's a lot of screaming and yelling.
counsellor_turn_25: All right, so there's the. There's screaming and there's yelling and some discontentment, but there's also this love you have for him and this fear that you'll be alone. So there's a lot of emotion here driving different behaviors.
counsellor_turn_26: So with all these things going on, all these kind of negative feelings, negative self image and trouble with the boyfriend, like this week, today, what's your goal? What do you want to change?
counsellor_turn_27: To be able to trust people more. So maybe one place we could start is to ensure that you're accurately assessing what, for example, your boyfriend's doing. So in the past, when we've talked, you've been suspicious about different behaviors. And it turns out in many of those cases, nothing was happening. And the kind of chasing them around and making observations, that's what caused some of the problem. Does that make sense?
counsellor_turn_28: To be where your mind goes first. It's kind of the worst case or one of the worst case scenarios. So sometimes with managing mood, one of the keys to success is encouraging, accurate thinking, logical thinking. Right. So there's a lot of emotion involved when you're following them around and when you're checking the cell phone, like, are you, you feeling.
counsellor_turn_29: It would be possible to. When you have these thoughts like that, say, let's work on this idea that you're worried about him cheating. So you have this thought that something like, he's going to leave me. He doesn't really love me. He's cheating. Is that close to what you're thinking?
counsellor_turn_30: And after you have a thought like that, are you. Is that when you're, like, checking up on him and checking on his phone and confirming?
counsellor_turn_31: So something happens that leads to that thought. And I think that would be an area where maybe we could try to focus some energy. So maybe for this week. I know things are still tumultuous between you and your boyfriend. Maybe this week, before you follow him around, check his cell phone, confront him, anything like that. Instead of doing that, before you have that feeling or as you have that feeling that you want to do that, maybe document what is going through your mind at that moment, like what you're thinking. Ok, and I'll try that. It seems likely, based on our experience together, that this is something that will happen a few times between now and next week, there'll be a few times when you want to confront him or follow him around. You could write down what you're thinking at each point and not confront him or follow him around. So hold off on the behavior. Focus your energy on writing down those thoughts.
counsellor_turn_32: It's difficult.
counsellor_turn_33: I know. Sometimes it feels like the emotion kind of takes charge.
counsellor_turn_34: Yeah, the emotions are powerful. However, I'd like to be able to get these thoughts. I think that there might be a way to improve your mood if we can find out how these thoughts are working and maybe try to make some adjustments there. I know it's difficult, and I know the emotions are hard to control for you. Do you think it's a. A step you could try this week, though? And so whenever you find yourself about to do something that's maybe going to antagonize the situation, write down at that point what you're thinking. Maybe that way you can kind of channel some energy there and not act out on that. And it's also something we can take a look at in session next time and review those thoughts, see what we find, see if we find any patterns. Does that make sense? I know this is a struggle for you, and I realize that writing all these thoughts down and following this process is new and different. I want you to try to stick with it if you can. I think that you. You could be able to benefit from this if you could stick with it.
counsellor_turn_35: All right. Okay. Give it a try. All right, Marcy, let's go with that plan and write down those thoughts. We'll go over the next week and between now and next week, the same thing, like, in terms of when you want to reach out to me, take a look at those guidelines we worked out with that process, and work through the process and see if you're actually supposed to contact me, if it's really something that requires that attention or if some of your supports can take care of that. I know it's tough when you call me and I can't get back to you.
counsellor_turn_36: Yeah, I'm not rejecting. I know it feels that way. I'm trying to set a boundary that will help you and trying to focus our time in here instead of on the phone. All right. So if you could apply that same logic to when you want to call me, work through the process and write down the thought. Okay. We'll go from there, and I will see you next week.
counsellor_turn_37: Thanks, Marcy.
