client_turn_1: I'm all right.
client_turn_2: It's about the same. I'm still feeling pretty down. I mean, I just. I feel really stuck and not happy, and I just don't know why.
client_turn_3: I mean, I've been feeling, like, really isolated lately, you know, because I'm a stay at home mom. It's hard. There's not a lot of people, you know, right at my fingertips to spend my time with, you know, obviously my family, but. So I guess, you know, I kind of. I had some friends in the neighborhood, but, like, our friendships just kind of fizzled out, and I. Ever since then, it's just like, I don't really feel like doing much. I just kind of feel like, what's the point? And let my husband take care of a lot of stuff. You know, I used to, you know, shop for the groceries all the time and make sure the house is always stocked and make dinner every night and get the kids ready for school in the morning. And I still do that stuff. But a lot of times, you know, I let it slide. Sometimes I won't make dinner or whatever. And when I do do it, I just feel like I'm forcing myself to do it. The passion is gone.
client_turn_4: For a long time. I have two boys. They're eight and ten. And I've been staying home since my first one was born, so ten years. And, you know, it's been really rewarding for me. I'm not really interested in going back to work or anything like that because I know people always say you're feeling unfulfilled, like you should go back to work, but it's not, you know, I felt happy with it for so long. I don't think that it's being home. I think it's something inside of me.
client_turn_5: Yeah, exactly. Well, I guess, you know, my youngest is eight, so he's only been in school for a couple of years. So I guess, like, it's not super recent, but recently I finally have no children in the home, so it's more. It's more time to myself, and I kind of filled that gap a little bit with other things. Like, I did Cub scouts with the boys for a while, and like I said, I had some friends around the neighborhood, so that kind of, like, filled that time. But now that stuff, it's just not really happening anymore. So now I kind of feel like it's not boredom. You know, it's not like I don't have enough to do. It's like I don't want to do anything, but then at the same time, I feel frustrated because there's nothing to do.
client_turn_6: Yeah, I think a lot more with myself because I know that I would feel better if I had, you know, maybe found more friends or found something to do with my time, but I don't want to at the same time. So I'm frustrated with myself because I kind of know what would help, but then I don't really have the, like, the volition to do it.
client_turn_7: Yeah, I'm not motivated.
client_turn_8: Yeah, I mean, obviously my husband has noticed because he has to get the boys ready in the morning. He's really supportive. I know he can tell that I'm not feeling the same, but, you know, he works, and then he has to come home and pick up my slack. So he is getting frustrated, which I understand. And, you know, my mom has said to me that, you know, she thinks I'm not doing as much, and so it kind of hurts. It feels like everybody's trying to tell me I'm lazy and that I'm not doing enough. And it's always that, like, feeling, you know, like nobody really understands how much work goes into being a mother. But then, at the same time, now that I'm doing less and less, I feel like they're all right, you know? I am lazy. I'm not doing anything.
client_turn_9: No, not that I can remember. You know, I think my mom said, like, you're not doing as much as you used to. And I kind of took offense to that, even though it's kind of true. It's like. I don't know. It hurt.
client_turn_10: You know, I think at first we didn't really acknowledge it. It was like, you know, I took a break here. He picked up the slack, and it was fine. But now that it's been more and more, he's kind of getting frustrated. And, you know, he's been asking me about how I feel and why I'm not doing as much. But at the same time, like, even though he knows that, not motivated, it's still frustrating because it's my responsibility. So I think he's. You know, he's been saying, like, I need you to do more around the house, pretty much is what he said. I need you to do more.
client_turn_11: Do more, I started crying because I know he's right. And that's what I tell myself every day. I need to do more, but I don't have the motivation to do it. And so I'm so frustrated with myself, and, you know, I know that he needs that from me, and I don't know why I'm not motivated to do it.
client_turn_12: Yeah.
client_turn_13: Yeah. Yeah. I actually think, you know, I've been feeling this way more, like, in the past, like, six months or something like that. Like, I. It was hard for me when my youngest son went to school, but more in, like, the natural way that it is hard, but this is something else. This is more consuming. It's, you know, like, the difficulty of him going away to school almost was motivating. Like, it was hard, but at the same time, it was freeing because I had other opportunities to do stuff. This is just, like, stunting.
client_turn_14: Sure. On Wednesday, I was having a really hard time getting out of bed, so my husband just got the kids ready in the morning, and I felt really bad about that. So I just stayed in bed for a couple more hours, probably until, like, 1030, and I got up, you know, and made myself something to eat. And then I thought, you know, I should probably go to the store because we're almost out of milk and, you know, and I think the boys need shampoo. But I just. I just sat down and I just sat there, and I think I sat for. I don't even know how long the boys came home from school. It was like, you know, 330, and I hadn't even gotten up. And so then I said, okay, the boys are home. I should probably get started on dinner soon because my husband will be home soon. And I. I found something in the fridge to make, and I made dinner. And, you know, after that, everybody, you know, just sat down. We just watched tv, and I just sat there until it was time to go to bed.
client_turn_15: I wish that I would wake up and, you know, I would want to wake up when it was time for the kids to get ready to go to school. You know, I could make sure that everything that they had, everything they needed, I could pack their lunches and get the boys dressed and, you know, check if they needed any permission slip sign, that kind of thing, send them out the door, and then I would see if we needed anything from the store. I probably do a little bit of cleaning around the house. I used to, like, have a list of chores that I would do different things on different days and different days of the month and stuff. So bedding would get washed one day of the week and that kind of thing. Probably, like, follow that list. Nowadays, I just, you know, if it gets done, it gets done. And usually my husband helps me with some of the stuff. And, you know, I would do the bathrooms one day a week. That probably gets done, like, once a month now, but I would do that. So do the cleaning. If we. If I needed to go to the store, I would do that. I'd get ready for the boys to come home. I'd probably make them a snack and figure out what was going to be for dinner. I would go ahead and do that, and then probably, you know, sometimes we would watch tv after my husband got home after dinner, or I would figure out something for us to do. We could play a board game, or I'll watch a movie as a family or something like that. But that would be after the kids did their homework and everything like that. And then after we spent some time together, I'd put them to bed.
client_turn_16: It's just like, you know, the alarm goes off and I know it's time to get up, and my husband's getting out of bed, and I just look at the clock and I think, what's the point? And, you know, it's just this instant feeling of. I can't even describe it, like pointlessness of getting up. And so I go back to sleep, but I feel worse for doing it, you know, like it's a catch 22. Like, I don't want to wake up. I just don't want to. But then when I go back to sleep, I feel bad. I feel guilty.
client_turn_17: It just. It's just like, you know, when I'm sleeping, I don't realize how sad I am, and I don't realize how hard it is to function when I'm sleeping. I'm not aware of that. And as soon as I wake up, I am. And so I just have this feeling of, like, what's the point of getting up and experiencing these feelings when I could go back to sleep and not have to?
client_turn_18: Yes. Yeah.
client_turn_19: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Definitely.
client_turn_20: Yeah.
client_turn_21: Yeah, it was so easy. I would just like, you know, I would wake up and I would be like, okay, it's time to get up and get out of bed and get ready to go. I mean, you know, sometimes if I was a little bit tired, it would be a little bit hard, but, you know, it's nothing. You know, as a stay at home mom, I usually get enough sleep for the most part, now that the kids are older and everything. So it's not usually too hard to get up. And I would, you know, it would be another good day. You know, I would be glad to get up and take care of the things that I needed to take care of, and I felt accomplished.
client_turn_22: Yeah, I mean, I want everything to be normal again. And I guess I never really thought of it like that. Like, I just thought, well, if I'm waking up at the right time and I'm just feeling bad, then, like I said, what's the point? But I guess it makes sense. Like, even if I don't feel like doing it, maybe it'll make me feel better if I do do it, even if it's hard, because nothing's really harder than what I'm already going through.
client_turn_23: Yeah. And also, I guess I thought that, no, it wouldn't really be that beneficial to get up.
client_turn_24: Yeah.
client_turn_25: Yeah. Yeah.
client_turn_26: I mean, I guess I could tell myself, like, I can do this. Like, instead of, you know, when I say to myself, what's the point? Instead I can say, I can do this. I can get out of bed. It'll be okay. I can. I'm strong enough. Even though it's hard to push through the pain and get up now, even though I don't want to, I can say, I can do this.
client_turn_27: Yeah, I mean, I know it's valuable. I guess what my frustration is is that I know it's valuable. And it used to give me, like, an emotional payoff of, like, pride and satisfaction, and now I'm not getting that anymore. So I guess I need to realize that even though I'm not getting it right now, if I keep trying, maybe it will happen again. Because it did happen before.
client_turn_28: I guess that's true. You'll never get the satisfaction of sending my kids off to school. If I never send my kids off to school.
client_turn_29: I never thought about it like that.
client_turn_30: Yeah.
client_turn_31: Yeah. Yeah.
client_turn_32: Yeah. Not letting the negative thoughts take over because that's what I'm thinking. Like, okay, I can get the kids off to school, but after that I'm going to start thinking, you know, what's the point again? Like, why don't I just sit down? There's no point. So if I can keep reminding myself that I just have to try and that I did accomplish something and then, you know, even though it's hard and I know that those thoughts are going to come back and that I'm going to feel bad if I don't do anything, I'm not going to feel any better.
client_turn_33: Right.
client_turn_34: Yeah, I think I can try that.
client_turn_35: All right, thank you.
