client_turn_1: I've been better.
client_turn_2: Yeah, I was trying to get holding you. I had something I really needed to discuss with you, but nobody called me back. I emailed you a couple times, I never got a reply, so I was just wondering what's going on with that?
client_turn_3: Yeah, I kind of remember it.
client_turn_4: Oh, yeah, that's useless anyway. Go on.
client_turn_5: No, he's so busy with it, like he could never help me. I don't think he even cares what I'm going through. He's got his own stuff to deal with, he's got his own family and all this stuff and. Yeah, he doesn't care.
client_turn_6: Well, I did call my one friend, Beth, but I. She was like, oh, can I call you back? And of course she didn't because nobody ever calls me back. You know, I'm like, they all have their own lives. No one really cares what I'm doing. You know, it's always like that. So that's why I thought I could reach out to you since you're supposed to be helping me, but apparently you never call me back or answer any of my emails, so.
client_turn_7: Yeah, I just feel like you're the only one that can help me, you know, I mean, my boyfriend, like, things aren't going well with him. I thought he could help me, but I guess he can't. And I think he's running around on me and all that. So I was just like, well, let me reach out to doctor Grande and see if it can help me, because it seems like my last resort.
client_turn_8: Yeah, he was great. He was great. And then, you know, he was in the other room and he got a text message, and I was like, let me just look at that. Because I was just curious to see what's going on with him because he never talks to me about anything. And so I looked at it, and it was a girl's name and number that I don't know. And so he came back in. You know, they put it away quickly, and I didn't say anything, like, what's wrong with you? Because I was acting weird and I was like, nothing. So then he went out, so I followed him. And then he went to, like, some friend's house. And I don't know if there's girls there or not, but. So I kind of think he's running around, maybe. I don't know. And I can't trust him. I can't trust anybody, you know? So I don't know. I mean, he was so awesome before, but now I just don't know. But he was everything I ever wanted.
client_turn_9: Yeah.
client_turn_10: Yeah. I mean, if he's not going to be faithful to me, what am I supposed to do? Yeah, I mean, it's just like every other guy that I've ever dated, like, either leave me or cheat on me or lie to me. So, I mean, I don't know why I thought this one was going to be different. Seriously, why would this one be different?
client_turn_11: Yeah. I don't know if they were related. The text message and him leaving, I mean, but I just assumed. So I'm just gonna assume because it seems to be a pattern in my life. You know, everybody lets me down.
client_turn_12: Probably, but I guess it's all I know that's all. I've always been treated, so I kind of feel like, why would this be different? Even though I thought it was in the beginning, but I don't know.
client_turn_13: Yeah, I guess I just always pick the wrong people or it's probably just me. I think I'm the one that's just unlovable. I've been told that growing up a lot. So I think it's me because he's great. I mean, he's great and he's good looking, he has a good job. And I always thought I'm like, why is he with me? And then now I see, like, he doesn't really want to be with me. Whoever he was texting, that's probably the person wants to be with him. She's probably, like, pretty and has, she probably has a good job and she's got everything going for her and so.
client_turn_14: No. I mean, when things are going bad in my relationships, they really seem to get to me, you know?
client_turn_15: Yeah, I guess that's pretty right on. Yeah, I would say that.
client_turn_16: No, I don't think so. I think it's everybody else that is treating me wrong, you know? So unless I find the right person who's going to treat me right, then I don't know what I'm going to do. So.
client_turn_17: Yeah, I think so. And like I said, I thought he was the right one in the beginning, and now I don't know anymore. But, you know, I really don't want him to leave me because, like, then when I gotta do him, now I'm gonna be alone. I want to be alone because I love him, but, you know, so I think I probably will forgive him and just stay with them because I don't want to be alone. I'm too scared to do that. I mean, I don't want to be alone without somebody. You know, I really need somebody. Yes.
client_turn_18: Yeah, because I feel like I can't control other people's actions, and that really makes me mad. That makes me really angry, you know? That what am I supposed to do? And so I think acting out and following them and checking their text messages, and it's the only thing that makes me feel in control, I guess. I don't know.
client_turn_19: Yeah, I mean, I can see that. I mean, people want, you know, some that they can trust, too. And I'm not sure I've always been honest with them, but I'm always looking for things that they're gonna do to manipulate me or try to, like, you know, screw me over or whatever. So here's my guard down. Yeah, I'm suspicious.
client_turn_20: Yeah, probably. But, I mean, like I said before, I don't want to be alone. I don't want to move out somebody. I need somebody. I need somebody. I need somebody to be with, you know, I need someone to help me with things. I don't want to be alone. You know, that's, you know, and he has said things to me like, you can't call me all the time at work because I'm at work, and you leave me, like, 40 voice messages because I just want to know if he's actually at work. You know? He's like, you can't do those things because I'm gonna get fired, and then where are we gonna be? He's like, you know, and you can't, like, call the numbers in my phone and find out who they are and, like, hang up because my friends know it's you, and you can't, you know, have your friends come to the bar and see who I'm with and, like, report back to you. Like, that's. He's like, I don't want to be in relationship with someone that doesn't trust me like that. So now, you know, I'm really scared of losing them. Yeah.
client_turn_21: Yeah.
client_turn_22: Yeah. I just want to check up and see what they're doing. If they said they're at the place that they said they were going, you know, I just want to know that I'm not being lied to because I've always been lied to. All my life, I've been lied to.
client_turn_23: Well, when I find out they're at the place that they said they were, that I feel better for at least, you know, for a few minutes till the next time. Like, wait, maybe they left. Let me see where they are now, you know, and then it kind of builds upon itself till they just get so frustrated. And then usually it ends with, like, a screaming match when I do see them.
client_turn_24: A lot of screaming and yelling and accusations and finger pointing and just. Yeah, it's not good. It's not a good scene when those kinds of things go down. But like I said, I really love him. I don't want to be without him. I don't know how I live without him.
client_turn_25: I said I would do whatever it took for him to stay with me. You know, he doesn't really talk about it. I think he gets really mad at me for being so needy. He's like, you're needy. Why don't you do your own stuff and leave me alone? And, you know, you need to have your own life. And, you know, I don't like to be ignored. You know, I was ignored all growing up, made a big family. I just got lost in the shuffle, and now here I am.
client_turn_26: Well, I guess I would like to be able to trust people more and not feel so desperate. I mean, and I don't know what to do. I don't know how to do that.
client_turn_27: Yeah. I mean, that's what they say the problem is. But I don't know. It could be something else. I mean, it could be somebody else. They could have been met somebody better. I don't know. That's what they tell me. Maybe they're trying to be nice, try to get out of the relationship. There's no way to know, that seems.
client_turn_28: Yeah, I don't. I don't feel good. I mean, I feel completely anxious when I'm doing for a. I might get caught. You know, that's always a thing in my mind. And like, be like, why am I doing this? But beyond my control. Sometimes I just need to know.
client_turn_29: Yeah, that's pretty close.
client_turn_30: Yeah, it compounds itself, definitely.
client_turn_31: That's gonna be hard.
client_turn_32: Yeah, I try.
client_turn_33: Yeah. Sometimes I don't even know what I'm doing. I just find myself in the car. I'm like, where am I going? I'm like, what am I doing?
client_turn_34: Okay.
client_turn_35: Yeah. I really feel rejected in my bathrooms.
client_turn_36: Okay. Thank you.
