client_turn_1: I'm doing all right.
client_turn_2: I'm a little bit overwhelmed with schoolwork, and my boyfriend has been getting on my nerves quite a bit, but otherwise pretty good.
client_turn_3: Mm hmm.
client_turn_4: Yeah. They seem to have been getting a little bit better with the homework that you gave me. It has helped me to identify when I. I'm getting a little more overwhelmed at work, and when I'm able to identify when I'm feeling that way, it's helped me to, I guess, meet my supervisor in the middle, more or less, so I'm not as argumentative. And she seems to be a little more impressed with my work performance.
client_turn_5: She's been good.
client_turn_6: Yeah, absolutely. That's great.
client_turn_7: Yeah. And that's actually helped me a lot, not just with work, but when I'm out, say, grocery shopping, and I start feeling that way, it's helped me to bring myself back down so I don't get overwhelmed and I don't get so anxious.
client_turn_8: Oh, there's a couple things. My classwork has been really been bogging me down lately, and then while I'm still doing better at work, I'm still not where I want to be. I don't want to have to consciously think this is why I'm. I want to keep working on. And I'm not being so argumentative at work. And then my boyfriend has been, like I said earlier, really gritting on my nerves, and I don't, like, I told him the other day that I wanted to break up with him, but he told me he was going to change and that things would get better. So I'm kind of torn with whether or not to continue in their relationship or just let it go. And at the same time, I'm having a hard time keeping up with my schoolwork and getting everything done on time. And my homework isn't where I want it to be. Like, I feel like I can do better.
client_turn_9: That's really hard. That's hard to.
client_turn_10: Well, I've been with my boyfriend for about nine months now, and I thought that we were going to go into like, marriage and children, and I thought we had a future. At the same time, my work, I need. I need my job. I need it to pay bills and basically live. And at the same time, my schoolwork is very important because as progressing in school and getting a better education, I'll be able to get a better job, which will, hopefully it'll be a job in which I don't find myself where I am right now, butting heads with my supervisor all the time and everything.
client_turn_11: Probably my, probably my schoolwork.
client_turn_12: Well, I think it's most important because, like I said, it'll set me up later in life. So not getting a good grade on an assignment really brings me down because I view it as a threat to my future. Because if I don't get a good grade, then I could possibly fail out of school. And failing out of school means I won't have a good job job, then I won't have a good relationship and definitely top of my list.
client_turn_13: Yeah, definitely.
client_turn_14: Absolutely. I think that getting my anxiety and my being so overwhelmed, schoolwork will help me with sleep and not being. Because when I'm overwhelmed, I can't eat. It's hard to sleep.
client_turn_15: Thanks.
