counsellor_turn_1: Hi, Elizabeth. How you doing today?
counsellor_turn_2: How things been going since the last time I met?
counsellor_turn_3: Okay, so there's a few things going on there. You said you're feeling stuck, not happy, and sound like you're a little confused as to what's going on, what's causing it. Do you have any suspicions about what might be causing it?
counsellor_turn_4: And how long have you been. You say housewife, right? How long have you been housewife?
counsellor_turn_5: Something's changed. So for a long time, you were satisfied being a housewife. You enjoyed that life or found satisfaction in that life. And somewhere along the line, something changed in you and now you're not happy with it. So what it represents in terms of activities like caring for your children and shopping, now, that's what changed.
counsellor_turn_6: All right, so you're frustrated with your situation, maybe with yourself a little bit?
counsellor_turn_7: You're not motivated?
counsellor_turn_8: Have you received any feedback from other people about this meeting? Has anyone else noticed that you're down?
counsellor_turn_9: They use the word lazy?
counsellor_turn_10: Okay. That was painful for you what about what your husband said? What's he been saying?
counsellor_turn_11: What was your response to that? When he said, I need you to.
counsellor_turn_12: Okay, so you're frustrated for feeling down.
counsellor_turn_13: And you're frustrated for lacking motivation, and just as little as a few years ago, you didn't feel it this way at all.
counsellor_turn_14: Okay, so let me shift gears a little bit. Can you tell me about your. Well, a recent day. It's kind of typical of what you're telling me now. Meaning not motivated. Down.
counsellor_turn_15: You said this was recently, right? What would the ideal day have looked like? Take that same day and do what you wish you could have done.
counsellor_turn_16: All right, so there's a fairly wide discrepancy between where you are in terms of behavior and where you want to be. So let me ask you a very specific question about one of the first things in the day. You had mentioned that when it was time to get up you didn't. So you were awake and aware of it, but you went back to sleep, I presume. And of course, your husband got up and he took care of things. How did you feel allowing that to happen? Because clearly that's not what you wanted to happen. How did you feel about that? Oversleeping?
counsellor_turn_17: Okay, so by not getting up in the time you wanted, you feel guilty. But you also mentioned something that you thought, which was, if I'm not mistaken, you said, what's the point? Can you expand on that?
counsellor_turn_18: What's the point of getting up when sleeping will keep the pain at bay?
counsellor_turn_19: But then when you do get up, you feel sad and guilty about having overslept.
counsellor_turn_20: So really, functionally, what you're doing is you're delaying experiencing the pain. And then in terms of how it affects your relationships and your family, you're not getting your kids off to school, your husband's getting real frustrated, and all you've really bought yourself is a couple extra hours of sleep and presumably without pain because you're sleeping but you're not really escaping it. Does that make sense?
counsellor_turn_21: Before, when you felt more satisfaction and purpose, did you get up and help the kids off to school?
counsellor_turn_22: So maybe what's going on here? Or maybe we could help remember, you know, over the last few sessions, we talked about. About cognitive behavioral therapy and the different techniques that I'll be using and different things we'll be talking about. Sometimes with behavior, the behavior that's useful, which in this case, I'm assuming we can agree, is the getting up one time behavior that's useful has to come first, even if the feeling doesn't match. So sleeping those extra, I presume, a couple hours, delays you from feeling sad, but it causes other problems. If you were to get up one time, you might still feel sad, right? Because that's why you're oversleeping, because you're sleeping longer, to avoid that. But the functional part of being a housewife, as you identify, would be completed. So maybe some of those feelings of sadness and guilt would, over time, abate, because, functionally speaking, you're completing the task that you want. What's tough about that is that in the moment, it's easy for me to say this now, but in the moment, like, for instance, when you have to get up out of bed tomorrow, you're going to be facing that same challenge, which is, I can get up now and feel depressed or I can wait and feel depressed later. So in that moment, it's hard to act on the behavior that you kind of know you want to move towards. I mean, it sounds like you want to get up and see if the kids are.
counsellor_turn_23: Well, it seems like you're more or less making things worse in an effort to avoid the pain that you're going to suffer anyway. You're making the pain worse. Just delaying it a little bit. Right. What thought? We talked before about automatic thoughts, these thoughts that come up kind of when your belief system meets, these different situations that occur when you have that thought that this is pointless. And I'm going to expand on that thought a little. That what that thought's really getting at is I can avoid this pain if I sleep a little while longer. That's a version of the thought. Does that make sense?
counsellor_turn_24: Okay, so you're also minimizing the benefit.
counsellor_turn_25: So there's a couple things going on. Right. I can avoid the pain by sipping in, and there's really no point to getting out because I won't do any good anyway.
counsellor_turn_26: What adaptive response, that self talk. We talked about those things we consciously think to ourselves, could you apply in that moment when you're, you know, whatever time you get up in the morning when you're thinking about this and that thought comes in that it doesn't really matter if I get up anyway.
counsellor_turn_27: Okay, so that would be your adaptive response. I'm strong enough. I can get through this, but it will be difficult. How about the value of getting up early and seeing the kids off to school? The automatic thought right now is telling you that's not valuable, but I think that you believe it is valuable.
counsellor_turn_28: Well, it seemed logical that you have a higher probability of getting that back. If you do get up, then if you.
counsellor_turn_29: So you have a 0% chance of successful successfully moving past this with a sleeping in and you have some other probability greater than zero if you do.
counsellor_turn_30: Does that kind of make sense?
counsellor_turn_31: So even though getting up early is going to be painful and going to seem like not a practical move, logically, you know that it has a better chance of paying off for you. And I think that with these type of, what you're going through is probably depression. I'd like to talk to you further to make sure that's what's going on, but it seems like you're depressed and sometimes with depression you just have to get one thing going your way each day. Right. So I'm not saying necessarily tomorrow you have to get up on time and then go make new friends and then go find social activities. You don't have to build Rome in a day here. It's more like, can I do this one thing? Can I prove to myself just what I'm saying, which is I'm strong enough to get up, see the kids off and have that one victory for tomorrow and build on that?
counsellor_turn_32: And part of that's going to be playing those adaptive responses back. Right. Thinking those thoughts, whether it's just thinking them, you know, in your mind, you're actually thinking them and saying them. Sometimes it's helpful just to say them out loud.
counsellor_turn_33: So you have a good handle on the adaptive responses, it sounds like. Right. And you know what, you have to, or I don't say have to, but you know what you want to do. I see you again in a week and there'll be five days in there between now and when I see you again, where you'll have to decide whether you want to get up and see your kids off to school or not.
counsellor_turn_34: So I want you to give that a try. Adaptive responses and trying to push through with that behavior now it's important to keep in mind that we have five days between now. When I see you again. Five business days, school days. You may not succeed every day in this. That's okay. All right. Sometimes the setbacks, like, you could get up early two days in a row and then you got to set back that third day. Don't let that wash away those successes. It's a day by day fight. Try not to think of it in terms of the week. I want you to try to think of it in terms of what do I have to do today? Not worrying about the future and not worrying about what you've done in the past. The only moment we really can live in is now. So try to stay present. Present in a moment, recite those adaptive responses and try to push for that, just that one victory. Can you try that?
counsellor_turn_35: All right, so work on that and continue with the homework, the CBT homework I've been giving you, and I'll see you next week.
counsellor_turn_36: All right, thanks.
