counsellor_turn_1: Hello, misses James. How are you doing today?
counsellor_turn_2: That's good. I just want to start out really quickly by getting a couple of the formalities out of the way. I know it's a little bit awkward coming in, you know, always the first time, but I'll just introduce myself and then you can introduce yourself and we'll just talk a little bit about you and your family and all that. So again, my name is Marisa and I just want you to know in the beginning that what I do as a counselor is more important to me than just a paycheck. I'm not in this job because it's just a source of income from. I really enjoy getting to know the clients that come through those doors and I like to help them in whatever ways I can. If it's just listening for that day and there's a burden that you have or if it's. If it's some kind of resource that you need from me and that I'm able to reach out there and get for you so that you can. You can be more successful and more fulfilled and happier than. That's what I want for you. Definitely. But why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself?
counsellor_turn_3: What about your family? Tell me a little bit about them.
counsellor_turn_4: Seven, okay. And you said that you were referred here because you needed to continue benefits now that you found out you have cancer.
counsellor_turn_5: Okay. Do you want to tell me a little bit about that?
counsellor_turn_6: Definitely. You are working. What is that? You know, what is it that you do?
counsellor_turn_7: Okay, that's wonderful. That's good. How have you been balancing that with. With getting sick? Are you feeling the effects of being sick yet? Or is it just recent that it's just.
counsellor_turn_8: Definitely. Well, that's really good, though, because if you heard a little bit of surprise in my voice, I mean, it was. I'm very impressed that you have cancer. You're taking care of your grandson, and you're still out there working, and you keep saying, you know, gotta do what you gotta do. Gotta get up every day, gotta keep going. You seem to have a lot of perseverance, and I really think that's gonna be a strength and asset for you during this whole process. And just coming here, being willing to cooperate, that's very good. So I want you to know that that is a positive characteristic. A lot of people wouldn't necessarily respond in that same manner. That's really good.
counsellor_turn_9: Yeah, I can understand that. I haven't always had this job, and getting here has been an extremely long process, so I can empathize a little bit with the beginning parts of my life and being in school. Students don't have any money at all. I was working two jobs in order to go to school with loans. So, you know, I feel you a little bit on. On that feeling like you. You have to. You just have to.
counsellor_turn_10: Yeah. So many people have been there. That's a normal thing to feel, to feel that way. But why don't you tell me a little bit about your children? You said. Did you say you had how many?
counsellor_turn_11: Do they live near, in the area, or do you see them very often?
counsellor_turn_12: How would you rate, like, on a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your relationship with your, with your three children at this point? You can do them individually or collectively whenever.
counsellor_turn_13: Okay, so she's Jason's then biological mother. Okay.
counsellor_turn_14: Okay. And what about your husband? What role does he play in all of this? At this?
counsellor_turn_15: So that situation has affected them, your husband and youre relationship? Mm hmm. Okay.
counsellor_turn_16: Well, there's a lot of things that you've just expressed to me in the past few minutes that are definitely areas that we can work on, that we can try to find some solutions. And that's going to be one of our main goals throughout our sessions, is to look for solutions. It is healthy and wonderful, actually, in a way, even if it's painful and difficult to talk about some of these things. But what makes our time so effective is that we actually identify little things here and there that we can definitely utilize to bring about positive change. So we can definitely look at just, you know, your relationship with your husband, your relationship with your children. I'm not doing counseling with your daughter, but definitely at least providing you with some resources that you could equip her with to get her on the right track. And you seem to mention your grandson a lot, so that can even be a strength, even though it's an extra thing to put on the table that you care for him and you really want him to be successful. So what is your relationship with him like? Tell me a little bit about him and what kind of young man he is.
counsellor_turn_17: Does he go well? If he's seven, he's in school. Then. Does he have any programs at school? Like best friends or anything that he's involved in sports?
counsellor_turn_18: Okay, well, that's good, too, that he's. He's healthy. He's healthy and he's involved. That's good. That's gonna be a strength for him throughout this process. One question that I like to ask towards the beginning of my sessions with my clients is. It's called the miracle question. And if you could experience a miracle, maybe aside from, like, the cancer just being totally gone and life being perfect. Well, if life was perfect. Actually, if life was perfect for you, and you woke up tomorrow and everything was the way that you would hope that it would be, and everything was turned out awesome, what would that look like for? If you just woke up in the morning and everything was perfect, how would you describe that perfect state or that perfect day?
counsellor_turn_19: Can you tell me a little more? Is there any little details that would be different for you?
counsellor_turn_20: What would that. What is normal? What is your ideal for normal meaning?
counsellor_turn_21: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, I just want to thank you for coming in today. Blah, blah, blah. We're done. Oh, I think let's see if this worked. We have a twelve.
